1. gzip

-c --stdout --to-stdout
              Write output on standard output; keep original files unchanged.  If there are several input files, the output consists of a sequence
              of independently compressed members. To obtain better compression, concatenate all input files before compressing them.
-d --decompress --uncompress
              Decompress.

-l --list
       For each compressed file, list the following fields:

       compressed size: size of the compressed file
       uncompressed size: size of the uncompressed file
       ratio: compression ratio (0.0% if unknown)
       uncompressed_name: name of the uncompressed file

e.g
$ ls -l README.md.bk 
-rw-rw-r--. 1 zhishan zhishan  440 Feb 12 21:00 README.md.bk
$ gzip -1 README.md.bk
$ ls -l README.md.bk.gz 
-rw-rw-r--. 1 zhishan zhishan 312 Feb 14 18:28 README.md.bk.gz
$ gzip -l README.md.bk.gz 
         compressed        uncompressed  ratio uncompressed_name
                312                 440  36.1% README.md.bk

The compressed file size is the same as "gzip -9".

2. zcat
 zcat  is identical to gunzip -c.   zcat uncompresses either a list of files on the command line or its standard input and writes the uncompressed data on standard  output.   zcat  will uncompress files that have the correct magic number whether they have a .gz suffix or not.

	The uncompressed size is given as -1 for files not in gzip format, such as compressed .Z files. To get  the  uncompressed  size  for
	such a file, you can use:

	zcat file.Z | wc -c

	In combination with the --verbose option, the following fields are also displayed:

	method: compression method
	crc: the 32-bit CRC of the uncompressed data
	date & time: time stamp for the uncompressed file

0> gzip -l --verbose README.md.bk.gz 
method  crc     date  time           compressed        uncompressed  ratio uncompressed_name
defla 37d687ce Feb 14 18:28                 312                 440  36.1% README.md.bk

2. Linux command

 2.1 nc, similar to telenet on Windows.

[pranav@deadcroud-dl ~]$ nc -v -z -w 1 speddead.corp.ne1.yahoo.com 22
nc: connect to speddead.corp.ne1.yahoo.com port 22 (tcp) failed: Connection timed out
 $ man nc
     The nc (or netcat) utility is used for just about anything under the sun involving TCP or UDP.  It can open TCP connections, send UDP packets, listen on arbitrary TCP and
     UDP ports, do port scanning, and deal with both IPv4 and IPv6.  Unlike telnet(1), nc scripts nicely, and separates error messages onto standard error instead of sending
     them to standard output, as telnet(1) does with some.

